README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Videos

This is a collection of recorded talks at machine learning conferences, workshops, seminars, summer schools, and miscellaneous programs. It is actively maintained; please add to this list by submitting a pull request!

This collection builds off the original compilation from [a blog post](http://dustintran.com/blog/video-resources-for-machine-learning).

## General

In general the following are excellent resources:

+ [VideoLectures.NET](http://videolectures.net/) is the primary video archive for machine learning. Much of its content focuses on the field, incorporating conferences, workshops, lectures, and even discussions.
+ [TechTalks.tv](http://techtalks.tv/) is the second most used archive. Notably, many ICML videos are located here.
+ [Youtube](http://youtube.com/) contains a few, such as certain AISTATS and ICLR years. It's best for collecting lectures, such as by [Nando de Freitas](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLE6Wd9FR--EfW8dtjAuPoTuPcqmOV53Fu) and [Alex Smola](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZSO_6-bSqHTTV7w9u7grTXBHMH-mw3qn). Also, the user [mathematicalmonk](https://www.youtube.com/user/mathematicalmonk) has created several basic mathematical and probability overviews for many [ML methods](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLD0F06AA0D2E8FFBA).

## 2017

+ [Broad Institute Seminar: Models, Inference, & Algorithms](https://www.broadinstitute.org/scientific-community/science/mia/models-inference-algorithms)
+ [GPU Technology Conference](http://on-demand-gtc.gputechconf.com/gtc-quicklink/g6VqzTi)
+ [Data Learning and Inference Workshop, Data Efficient Reinforcement Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-tWvTpyd1VAvDpxukup6w-SuZQQ7e8K8)
+ [Edinburgh Deep Learning Workshop](http://workshops.inf.ed.ac.uk/deep/deep2017/)
+ [Workshop on Validating and Expanding Approximate Bayesian Computation Methods](http://www.birs.ca/events/2017/5-day-workshops/17w5025/videos)
+ [TensorFlow Dev Summit](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIKGc_NBoIhTn2Qhraji53cv)
+ [Foundations of Machine Learning Boot Camp, Simons Institute](https://simons.berkeley.edu/workshops/schedule/3748)
+ [StanCon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ0c7Bm5Djk)

## 2016

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Nonconvex Optimization: Theory and Practice](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSkaTb2vk5tATPJB_VTgguwmS89GVznN0)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Symposium, RNN and Other Machines That Learn Algorithms](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPwzH56Rdmq4hcuEMtvBGxUrcQ4cAkoSc)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Bayesian Deep Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrcr1zcpLZb7paw9LNgx-zsCr-PstjBM6)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Reliable Machine Learning in the Wild](https://sites.google.com/site/wildml2016nips/schedule)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Approximate Inference](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8Yb49e5zFuztzY4wZRp_XIj6PREg3pw8)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Adversarial Training](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJscN9YDD1buxCitmej1pjJkR5PMhenTF)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2016/Schedule)
+ [Bay Area Deep Learning School](https://www.bayareadlschool.org/)
+ [Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPsUUDUlcTJuP-fRa7z85aQ/playlists)
+ [Deep Learning Summer School, Montreal](http://videolectures.net/deeplearning2016_montreal/)
+ [Uncertainty in Computation, Simons Institute](https://simons.berkeley.edu/workshops/logic2016-1)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Peru](http://www.ucsp.edu.pe/ciet/mlss16/speakers.html)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/icml/2016/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Cadiz](http://learning.mpi-sws.org/mlss2016/videos/)
+ [International Conference on Learning Representations](http://videolectures.net/iclr2016_san_juan/)

## 2015

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2015/Schedule)
+ [Gaussian Process Summer School, Sheffield](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhoHEZlJjdQJLRUSE9_55eXkwNXKTiNQF)
+ [Deep Learning Summer School, Montreal](http://videolectures.net/deeplearning2015_montreal/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml2015_lille/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXDf7Y4KMcqPWHriorcMDNg/videos)
+ [Arthur M. Sackler Colloquia: Drawing Causal Inference from Big Data](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGJm1x3XQeK0NgFOX2Z7Wt-P5RU5Zv0Hv)
+ [International Conference on Learning Representations](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhiWXaTdsWB8PnrVZquVyqlRFWXM4ijYz)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2015_paris/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Tübingen](http://mlss.tuebingen.mpg.de/2015/speakers.html)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Sydney](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT1k2e63pqm_VSXmaF21n6g/videos)

## 2014

+ [UToronto Workshop on Big Data and Statistical Machine Learning](http://www.fields.utoronto.ca/video-archive/event/316/2014)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2014/Schedule)
+ [Gaussian Process Summer School, Sheffield](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhoHEZlJjdQKgrpK70Ym04Ju3-9W-QXns)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Pittsburgh](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZSO_6-bSqHQCIYxE3ycGLXHMjK3XV7Iz)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/icml2014/)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2014_barcelona/)
+ [Artificial Intelligence and Statistics](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQeS3L6d-S6ZeCQChFyK5Uw)

## 2013

+ [Gaussian Process Winter School, Sheffield](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhoHEZlJjdQKI1cs5yPRUYdgcsE0HctoQ)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Iceland](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3ywjSv5OsDiDAnOP8C1NiQ)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2013/Schedule)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshops](http://videolectures.net/nipsworkshops2013_laketahoe/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/icml2013/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Tübingen](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqJm7Rc5-EXFv6RXaPZzzlzo93Hl0v91E)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2013_princeton/)
+ [Harvard Institute for Quantitative Social Science, Applied Statistics Workshop](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLoKvRqQVbtI-ZhBpBrKT2KllP5dH8O0M)

## 2012

+ [Brown ICERM workshops](https://icerm.brown.edu/video_archive/) (the [2012 Bayesian nonparametrics](https://icerm.brown.edu/sp-f12-w1/) is particularly good)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips2012_laketahoe/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/uai2012_catalinaislands/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/search/results/?q=icml+2012)
+ [AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/aaai2012_toronto/)

## 2011

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips2011_granada/)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshops](http://videolectures.net/nipsworkshops2011_sierranevada/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/uai2011_barcelona/)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2011_budapest/)
+ [Artificial Intelligence and Statistics](http://videolectures.net/aistats2011_fortlauderdale/)

## 2010

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips2010_vancouver/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml2010_haifa/)
+ [Artificial Intelligence and Statistics](http://videolectures.net/aistats2010_sardinia/)

## 2009

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips09_vancouver/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Cambridge](http://videolectures.net/mlss09uk_cambridge/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml09_montreal/)

## 2008

+ [Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining](http://videolectures.net/kdd08_las_vegas/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/uai08_helsinki/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml08_helsinki/)

## 2007

+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml07_corvallis/)

## 2006

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips06_whistler/)

## 2005

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop: Kernels](http://videolectures.net/nips05_whistler/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml05_bonn/)

Commit message:

Moved Models, Inference & Algorithms to general
We started in 2015 and will keep adding at least a dozen primer-seminar videos per term.

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Videos

This is a collection of recorded talks at machine learning conferences, workshops, seminars, summer schools, and miscellaneous programs. It is actively maintained; please add to this list by submitting a pull request!

This collection builds off the original compilation from [a blog post](http://dustintran.com/blog/video-resources-for-machine-learning).

## General

In general the following are excellent resources:

+ [VideoLectures.NET](http://videolectures.net/) is the primary video archive for machine learning. Much of its content focuses on the field, incorporating conferences, workshops, lectures, and even discussions.
+ [TechTalks.tv](http://techtalks.tv/) is the second most used archive. Notably, many ICML videos are located here.
+ [Youtube](http://youtube.com/) contains a few, such as certain AISTATS and ICLR years. It's best for collecting lectures, such as by [Nando de Freitas](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLE6Wd9FR--EfW8dtjAuPoTuPcqmOV53Fu) and [Alex Smola](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZSO_6-bSqHTTV7w9u7grTXBHMH-mw3qn). Also, the user [mathematicalmonk](https://www.youtube.com/user/mathematicalmonk) has created several basic mathematical and probability overviews for many [ML methods](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLD0F06AA0D2E8FFBA).
+ [Models, Inference, & Algorithms](https://www.broadinstitute.org/scientific-community/science/mia/models-inference-algorithms) at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard has slide decks and a growing [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlMMtlgw6qNjROoMNTBQjAcdx53kV50cS) on machine learning for biomedical research.

## 2017
+ [GPU Technology Conference](http://on-demand-gtc.gputechconf.com/gtc-quicklink/g6VqzTi)
+ [Data Learning and Inference Workshop, Data Efficient Reinforcement Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-tWvTpyd1VAvDpxukup6w-SuZQQ7e8K8)
+ [Edinburgh Deep Learning Workshop](http://workshops.inf.ed.ac.uk/deep/deep2017/)
+ [Workshop on Validating and Expanding Approximate Bayesian Computation Methods](http://www.birs.ca/events/2017/5-day-workshops/17w5025/videos)
+ [TensorFlow Dev Summit](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIKGc_NBoIhTn2Qhraji53cv)
+ [Foundations of Machine Learning Boot Camp, Simons Institute](https://simons.berkeley.edu/workshops/schedule/3748)
+ [StanCon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ0c7Bm5Djk)

## 2016

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Nonconvex Optimization: Theory and Practice](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSkaTb2vk5tATPJB_VTgguwmS89GVznN0)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Symposium, RNN and Other Machines That Learn Algorithms](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPwzH56Rdmq4hcuEMtvBGxUrcQ4cAkoSc)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Bayesian Deep Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrcr1zcpLZb7paw9LNgx-zsCr-PstjBM6)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Reliable Machine Learning in the Wild](https://sites.google.com/site/wildml2016nips/schedule)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Approximate Inference](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8Yb49e5zFuztzY4wZRp_XIj6PREg3pw8)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop, Adversarial Training](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJscN9YDD1buxCitmej1pjJkR5PMhenTF)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2016/Schedule)
+ [Bay Area Deep Learning School](https://www.bayareadlschool.org/)
+ [Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPsUUDUlcTJuP-fRa7z85aQ/playlists)
+ [Deep Learning Summer School, Montreal](http://videolectures.net/deeplearning2016_montreal/)
+ [Uncertainty in Computation, Simons Institute](https://simons.berkeley.edu/workshops/logic2016-1)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Peru](http://www.ucsp.edu.pe/ciet/mlss16/speakers.html)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/icml/2016/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Cadiz](http://learning.mpi-sws.org/mlss2016/videos/)
+ [International Conference on Learning Representations](http://videolectures.net/iclr2016_san_juan/)

## 2015

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2015/Schedule)
+ [Gaussian Process Summer School, Sheffield](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhoHEZlJjdQJLRUSE9_55eXkwNXKTiNQF)
+ [Deep Learning Summer School, Montreal](http://videolectures.net/deeplearning2015_montreal/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml2015_lille/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXDf7Y4KMcqPWHriorcMDNg/videos)
+ [Arthur M. Sackler Colloquia: Drawing Causal Inference from Big Data](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGJm1x3XQeK0NgFOX2Z7Wt-P5RU5Zv0Hv)
+ [International Conference on Learning Representations](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhiWXaTdsWB8PnrVZquVyqlRFWXM4ijYz)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2015_paris/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Tübingen](http://mlss.tuebingen.mpg.de/2015/speakers.html)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Sydney](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT1k2e63pqm_VSXmaF21n6g/videos)

## 2014

+ [UToronto Workshop on Big Data and Statistical Machine Learning](http://www.fields.utoronto.ca/video-archive/event/316/2014)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2014/Schedule)
+ [Gaussian Process Summer School, Sheffield](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhoHEZlJjdQKgrpK70Ym04Ju3-9W-QXns)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Pittsburgh](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZSO_6-bSqHQCIYxE3ycGLXHMjK3XV7Iz)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/icml2014/)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2014_barcelona/)
+ [Artificial Intelligence and Statistics](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQeS3L6d-S6ZeCQChFyK5Uw)

## 2013

+ [Gaussian Process Winter School, Sheffield](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhoHEZlJjdQKI1cs5yPRUYdgcsE0HctoQ)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Iceland](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3ywjSv5OsDiDAnOP8C1NiQ)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2013/Schedule)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshops](http://videolectures.net/nipsworkshops2013_laketahoe/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/icml2013/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Tübingen](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqJm7Rc5-EXFv6RXaPZzzlzo93Hl0v91E)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2013_princeton/)
+ [Harvard Institute for Quantitative Social Science, Applied Statistics Workshop](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLoKvRqQVbtI-ZhBpBrKT2KllP5dH8O0M)

## 2012

+ [Brown ICERM workshops](https://icerm.brown.edu/video_archive/) (the [2012 Bayesian nonparametrics](https://icerm.brown.edu/sp-f12-w1/) is particularly good)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips2012_laketahoe/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/uai2012_catalinaislands/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://techtalks.tv/search/results/?q=icml+2012)
+ [AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/aaai2012_toronto/)

## 2011

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips2011_granada/)
+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshops](http://videolectures.net/nipsworkshops2011_sierranevada/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/uai2011_barcelona/)
+ [Conference on Learning Theory](http://videolectures.net/colt2011_budapest/)
+ [Artificial Intelligence and Statistics](http://videolectures.net/aistats2011_fortlauderdale/)

## 2010

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips2010_vancouver/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml2010_haifa/)
+ [Artificial Intelligence and Statistics](http://videolectures.net/aistats2010_sardinia/)

## 2009

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips09_vancouver/)
+ [Machine Learning Summer School, Cambridge](http://videolectures.net/mlss09uk_cambridge/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml09_montreal/)

## 2008

+ [Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining](http://videolectures.net/kdd08_las_vegas/)
+ [Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence](http://videolectures.net/uai08_helsinki/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml08_helsinki/)

## 2007

+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml07_corvallis/)

## 2006

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems](http://videolectures.net/nips06_whistler/)

## 2005

+ [Neural Information Processing Systems Workshop: Kernels](http://videolectures.net/nips05_whistler/)
+ [International Conference on Machine Learning](http://videolectures.net/icml05_bonn/)
